Create 'Security' section of Controller UG (#591)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/ref-controller-rbac-personas.adoc

[id="ref-controller-rbac-personas"]

= Common Team Roles - "Personas"

> {ControllerNameStart} support personnel typically works on ensuring that {controllername} is available and manage it a way as to balance supportability and ease-of-use for users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ControllerNameStart} support personnel typically work to ensure that {controllername} is available, and manage it to balance supportability and ease-of-use for users. 
```

> Often, {Controller Name} support assigns _Organization Owner_ or _Administrator_ roles to users to enable them to create a new Organization or add members from their team that the respective access requires. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ControllerNameStart} support personnel often assign _Organization Owner_ or _Administrator_ roles to users to enable them to create a new Organization or add members from their team that the respective access requires. 
```
